John 1:38 What are you seeking?
John 1:39 Come and you will see.
John 1:43 Follow me.
John 1:51 Truly, truly, I say to you, you will see heaven opened, and the angels of God ascending and descending on the Son of Man.
John 3:3 Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born again he cannot see the kingdon of God.
John 3:5 Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter the kingdom of God.
John 3:11 Truly, truly, I say to you, we speak of what we know, and bear witness to what we have seen, but you do not receive our testimony.
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life.
John 4:10 If you knew the gift of God, and who it is that is saying to you, 'Give me a drink,' you would have asked him, and he would have given you living water.
John 4:13 Everyone who drinks of this water will be thirsty again, but whoever drinks of the water that I will give him will never be thirsty again.
John 4:21 Woman, believe me, the hour is coming when neither on this mountain nor in Jerusalem will you worship the Father.
John 4:34 My food is to do the will of him who sent me and to accomplish his work.
John 5:14 See, you are well! Sin no more, that nothing worse may happen to you.
John 5:17 My Father is working until now, and I am working.
John 5:19 Truly, truly, I say to you, the Son can do nothing of his own accord, but only what he sees the Father doing.
John 5:25 Truly, truly, I say to you, an hour is coming, and is now here, when the dead will hear the voice of the Son of God, and those who hear will live.
John 5:30 I can do nothing on my own. As I hear, I judge, and my judgment is just, because I seek not my own will but the will of him who sent me.
John 6:20 It is I; do not be afraid.
John 6:26 Truly, truly, I say to you, your are seeking me, not because you saw signs, but because you ate your fill of the loaves.
John 6:27 Do not work for the food that perishes, but for the food that endures to eternal life, which the Son of Man will give to you.
John 6:32 Truly, truly, I say to you, it was not Moses who give you the bread from heaven, but my Father gives you the true bread from heaven.
John 6:33 For the bread of God is he who comes down from heaven and gives life to the world.
John 6:35 I am the bread of life; whoever comes to me shall not hunger, and whoever believes in me shall never thirst.
John 6:44 No one can come to me unless the Father who sent me draws him. And I will raise him up on the last day.
John 6:53 Truly, truly, I say to you, unless you eat the flesh of the Son of Man and drink his blood, you have no life in you.
John 6:63 It is the Spirit who gives life; the flesh is no help at all. The words that I have spoken to you are spirit and life.
John 6:65 This is why I told you that no one can come to me unless it is granted him by the Father.
John 7:16 My teaching is not mine, but his who sent me.
John 7:17 If anyone's will is to do God's will, he will know whether the teaching is from God or whether I am speaking on my own authority.
John 7:28 You know me, and you know where I come from. But I have not come of my own accord. He who sent me is true, and him you do not know.
John 7:29 I know him, for I come from him, and he sent me.
John 7:37 If anyone thirsts, let him come to me and drink.
John 8:12 I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will now walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.
John 8:18 I am the one who bears witness about myself, and the Father who sent me bears witness about me.
John 8:23 You are from below; I am from above. You are of this world; I am not of this world.
John 8:24 I told you that you would die in your sins, for unless you believe that I am he you will die in your sins.
John 8:26 I have much to say about you and much to judge, but he who sent me is true, and I declare to the world what I have heard from him.
John 8:28 When you have lifted up the Son of Man, then you will know that I am he, and that I do nothing on my own authority, but speak just as the Father taught me.
John 8:31 If you abide in my word, you are truly my disciples, and you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
John 8:34 Truly, truly, I say to you, everyone who practices sin is a slave to sin.
John 8:35 The slave does not remain in the house forever; the son remains forever.
John 8:36 So if the Son sets you free, you will be free indeed.
John 8:42 If God were your Father, you would love me, for I came from God and I am here.
John 8:47 Whoever is of God hears the words of God. The reason why you do not hear them is that you are not of God.
John 8:49 I do not have a demon, but I honor my Father, and you dishonor me.
John 8:50 Yet I do not see my own glory; there is One who seeks it, and he is the judge.
John 8:51 Truly, truly, I say to you, if anyone keeps my word, he will never see death.
John 8:54 If I glorify myself, my glory is nothing. It is my Father who glorifies me, of whom you say, 'He is our God'.
John 9:3 It was not that this man sinned, or his parents, but that the works of God might be displayed in him.
John 9:4 We must work the works of him who sent me while it is day; night is coming, when no one can work.
John 9:5 As long as I am in the world, I am the light of the world.
John 9:35 Do you believe in the Son of Man?
John 9:37 You have seen him, and it is he who is speaking to you.
John 9:39 For judgment I came into this world, that those who do not see may see, and those who see may become blind.
John 9:41 If you were blind, you would have no guilt; but now that you say, 'We see,' your guilt remains.
John 10:1 Truly, truly, I say to you, he who does not enter the sheepfold by the door but climbs in by another way, that man is a thief and a robber.
John 10:2 But he who enters by the door is the shepherd of the sheep.
John 10:3 To him the gatekeeper opens. The sheep hears his voice, and he calls his own sheep by name and leads them out.
John 10:4 When he has brought out all his own, he goes before them, and the sheep follow him, for they know his voice.
John 10:5 A stranger they will not follow, but they will flee from him, for they do not know the voice of strangers.
John 10:9 I am the door. If anyone enters by me, he will be saved and will go in and out and find pasture.
John 10:11 I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd lays down his life for the sheep.
John 10:25 The works that I do in my Father's name bear witness about me, but you do not believe because you are not among my sheep.
John 10:27 My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me.
John 10:28 I give them eternal life, and they will never perish, and no one will snatch them out of my hand.
John 10:29 My Father, who has given them to me, is greater than all, and no one is able to snatch them out of the Father's hand.
John 10:30 I and the Father are one.
John 10:32 I have shown you many good works from the Father; for which of them are you going to stone me?
John 10:34 Is it not written in your Law, 'I said, you are gods'?
John 10:35 If he called them gods to whom the word of God came-and Scripture cannot be broken-do you say of him of whom the Father consecrated and sent into the world, 'You are blaspheming,' because I said, 'I am the Son of God'?
John 10:37 If I am not doing the works of my Father, then do not believe me; but if I do them, even though you do not believe me, believe the works, that you may know and understand that the Father is in me and I am in the Father.
John 11:4 This illness does not lead to death. It is for the glory of God, so that the Son of God may be glorified through it.
John 11:9 Are there not twelve hours in the day? If anyone walks in the day, he does not stumbles, because sees the light of this world.
John 11:25 I am the resurrection and the life. Whoever believes in me, though he die, yet shall he live
John 11:40 Did I not tell you that if you believed you would see the glory of God?
John 11:41 Father, I thank you that you have heard me. I knew that you always hear me, but I said this on account of the people standing around, that they may believe that you sent me.
John 12:23 The hour has come for the Son of Man to be glorified.
John 12:24 Truly, truly, I say to you, unless a grain of wheat falls into the earth and dies, it remains alone; but if it dies, it bears much fruit.
John 12:25 Whoever loves his life loses it, and whoever hates his life in this world will keep it for eternal life.
John 12:26 If anyone serves me, he must follow me; and where I am, there will my servant be also. If anyone serves me, the Father will honor him.
John 12:31 Now is the judgment of this world; now will the ruler of this world be cast out.
John 12:32 And I, when I am lifted up from the earth, will draw all people to myself.
John 12:35 The light is among you for a little while longer. Walk while you have the light, lest darkness overtake you. The one who walks in the darkness does not know where he is going.
John 12:36 While you have the light, believe in the light, that you may become sons of light.
John 12:44 Whoever believes in me, believes not in me but in him who sent me.
John 13:7 What I am doing you do not understand now, but afterward you will understand.
John 13:8 If I do not wash you, you have no share with me.
John 13:10 The one who has bathed does not need to wash, except for his feet, but is completely clean. And you are clean, but not every one of you.
John 13:12 Do you understand what I have done to you? You call me Teacher and Lord, and you are right, for so I am.
John 13:14 If I then, your Lord and Teacher, have washed your feet, you also ought to wash one another's feet.
John 13:16 Truly, truly, I say to you, a servant is not greater than his master, nor is a messenger greater than the one who sent him.
John 13:34 A new commandment I give to yoy, that you love one another; just as I have loved you, you also are to love one another.
John 14:1 Let not you hears be troubled. Believe in God; believe also in me.
John 14:6 I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.
John 14:10 The words that I say to you I do not speak on my own authority, but the Father who dwells in me does his works.
John 14:11 Believe me that I am in the Father and the Father is in me, or else believe on account of the works themselves.
John 14:12 Truly, truly, I say to you, whoever believes in me will also do the workds that I do; and greater works than these will he do, because I am going to the Father.
John 14:13 Whatever you ask in my name, this I will do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.
John 14:14 If you ask me anything in my name, I will do it.
John 14:15 If you love me, you will keep my commandments.
John 14:16 And I will ask the Father, and he will give you another Helper, to be with you forever, even the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it neither sees him nor knows him. You know him, for he dwells with you and will be in you.
John 14:18 I will not leave you as orphans; I will come to you. 
John 14:19 Yet a little while and the world will see me no more, but you will see me. Because I live, you also will live.
John 14:20 In that day you will know that I am in my Father, and you in me, and I in you.
John 14:21 Whoever has my commandments and keeps them, he it is who loves me. And he who loves me will be loved by my Father, and I will love him and manifest myself to him.
John 14:23 If anyone loves me, he will keep my word, and my Father will love him, and we will come to him and make our home with him.
John 14:24 Whoever does not love me does not keep my words. And the word that you hear is not mine but the Father's who sent me.
John 14:26 But the Helper, the Holy Spirit, whom the Father will send in my name, he will teach you all things and bring to your remembrance all that I have said to you.
John 14:27 Peace I leave with you; my peach I give to you. Not as the world gives do I give to you. Let not your hearts be troubled, neither let them be afraid.
John 15:1 I am the true vine, and my Father is the vinedresser.
John 15:3 Already you are clean because of the word that I have spoken to you.
John 15:4 Abide in me, and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit by itself, unless it abides in the vine, neither can you, unless you abide in me.
John 15:12 This is my commandment, that you love one another as I have loved you.
John 15:13 Greater love has no one than this, that someone lay down his life for his friends.
John 15:16 You did not choose me, but I chose you and appointed you that you should go and bear fruit and that your fruit should abide, so that whatever you ask the Father in my name, he may give it to you.
John 15:18 If the world hates you, know that it has hated me before it hated you.
John 15:19 If you were of the world, the world would love you as its own; but because you are not of the world, but I chose you out of the world, therefore the world hates you.
John 15:20 Remember the word that I said to you: 'A servant is not greater than his master.' If they persecuted me, they will also persecute you. If they kept my word, they will also keep yours.
John 15:22 If I hade not come and spoken to them, they would not have been guilty of sin, but now they have no excuse for their sin.
John 15:26 But when the Helper comes, whom I will send to you from the Father, the Spirit of truth, who proceeds from the Father, he will bear witness about me.
John 15:27 And you also will bear witness, because you have been with me from the beginning.
John 16:1 I have said all these thing to you to keep you from falling away.
John 16:2 They will put you out of the synagogues. Indeed, the hour is coming when whoever kills you will think he is offering service to God.
John 16:3 And they will do these things because they have not known the Father, nor me.
John 16:4 But I have said these things to you, that when their hour comes you may remember that I told them to you.
John 16:7 Nevertheless, I tell you the truth: it is to your advantage that I go away, for if I do not go away, the Helper will not come to you. But if I go, I will send him to you.
John 16:8 And when he comes, he will convict the world concerning sin and righteousness and judgment: concerning sin, because they do not believe in me; concerning righteousness, because I go to the Father, and you will see me no longerl concerning judgment, because the ruler of this world is judged.
John 16:13 When the Spirit of truth comes, he will guide you into all the truth, for he will not speak on his own authority, but whatever he hears he will speak, and he will declare to you the things that are to come.
John 16:15 All that the Father has is mine; therefore I said that he will take what is mine and declare it to you.
John 16:20 Truly, truly, I say to you, you will weep and lament, but the world will rejoice. You will be sorrowful, but your sorrow will turn into joy.
John 16:21 When a woman is giving birth, she has sorrow because her hour has come, but when she has delivered the baby, she no longer remembers the anguish, for joy that a human being has been born into the world.
John 16:22 So also you have sorrow now, but I will see you again, and your hearts will rejoice, and no one will take your joy from you.
John 16:23 In that day you will ask nothing of me. Truly, truly, I say to you, whatever you ask of the Father in my name, he will give it to you.
John 16:24 Until now you have asked nothing in my name. Ask, and you will receive, that your joy may be full.
John 16:25 I have said these things to you in figures of speech. The hour is coming when I will no longer speak to you in figures of speech but will tell you plainly about the Father.
John 16:26 In that day you will ask in my name, and I do not say to you that I will ask the Father on your behalf; for the Father himself love you, because you have loved me and have believed that I came from God.
John 16:28 I came from the Father and have come into the world, and now I am leaving the world and going to the Father.
John 16:33 I have said these things to you, that in me you may have peace. In the world you will have tribulation. But take heart; I have overcome the world.
John 17:1 Father, the hour has come; glorify your Son that the Son may glorify you, since you have given him authority over all flesh, to give eternal life to all whom you have given him.
John 17:3 And this is eternal life, that they know you, the only true God, and Jesus Christ whom you have sent.
John 17:4 I glorified you on earth, having accomplished the work that you gave me to do.
John 17:5 And now, Father, glorify me in your own presence with the glory that I had with you before the world existed.
John 17:6 I have manifested your name to the people whom you gave me out of the world. Yours they were, and you gave them to me, and they have kept your word.
John 17:7 Now they know that everything that you have given me is from you.
John 17:8 For I have given them the words that you gave me, and they have received them and have come to know in truth that I came from you; and they have believed that you sent me.
John 17:9 I am praying for them. I am not praying for the world but for those whom you have given me, for they are yours.
John 17:10 All mine are yours, and yours are mine, and I am glorified in them.
John 17:11 And I am no longer in the world, but they are in the world, and I am coming to you. Holy Father, keep them in your name, which you have given me, that they may be one, even as we are one.
John 17:12 While I was with them, I kept them in your name, which you have given me. I have guarded them, and not one of them has been lost except the sone of destruction, that the Scripture might be fulfilled.
John 17:13 But now I am coming to you, and these things I speak in the world, that they may have my jor fulfilled in themselved.
John 17:14 I have given them your word, and the world has hated them because they are not of the world, just as I am not of the world.
John 17:15 I do not ask that you take them out of the world, but that you keep them from the evil one.
John 17:16 They are not of the world, just as I am not of the world.
John 17:17 Sanctify them in the truth; your word is truth.
John 17:18 As you sent me into the world, so I have sent them into the world.
John 17:19 And for their sake I consecrate myself, that they also may be sanctified in truth.
John 17:20 I do not ask for these only, but also for those who will believe in me through their word, that they may all be one, just as you, Father, are in me, and I in you, that they also may be in us, so that the world may believe that you have sent me.
John 17:22 The glory that you have given me I have given to them, that they may be one even as we are one, I in them and you in me, that they may become perfectly one, so that the world may know that you sent me and loved them even as you loved me.
John 17:24 Father, I desire that they also, whom you have given me, may be with me where I am, to see my glory that you have given me because you loved me before the foundation of the world.
John 17:25 O righteous Father, even though the world does not know you, I know you, and these know that you have sent me.
John 17:26 I made known to them your name, and I will continue to make it known, that the love with which you have loved me may be in them, and I in them.
John 18:20 I have spoken openly to the world. I have always taught in synagogues and in the temple, where all Jews come together. I have said nothing in secret. Why do you ask me? Ask those who have heard me what I said to them; they know what I said.
John 18:36 My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world, my servants would have been fighting, that I might not be delivered over to the Jews. But my kingdom is not from the world.
John 18:37 You say that I am a king. For this purpose I was born and for this purpose I have come into the world-to bear witness to the truth. Everyone who is of truth listens to my voice.
John 19:11 You would have no authority over me at all unless it had been given you from above. Therefore he who delivered me over to you has the greater sin.
John 20:19 Peace be with you.
John 20:21 Peace be with you. As the Father has sent me, even so I am sending you.
John 20:22 Receive the Holy Spirit.
John 20:23 If you forgive the sins of any, they are forgiven; if you withold forgiveness from any, it is witheld.
John 20:29 Have you believed because you have seen me? Blessed are those who have not seen and yet have believed.
John 21:15 Feed my lambs.
John 21:16 Tend my sheep.
John 21:17 Feed my sheep.
John 21:18 Truly, truly, I say to you, when you were young, you used to dress yourself and walk wherever you wanted, but when you are old, you will stretch out your hands, and another will dress you and carry you where you do not want to go.
John 21:19 Follow me.
John 21:22 If it is my will that he remain until I come, what is that to you? You follow me!
